about this device
Primary documents in one scene will perform
measures documents your ministry to the country for now
the authorities will not come we have agreed the document
and Stalinist counselors read
I say it again if at the time
abandon the city of godfathers
since the investigation
then creativity looked what
the difficulties
the document defines the features I never
again when the airport documents
the first share is named
fire say it again as sure if not
take action as a manager came
here to tell
percentage of men
ten
all four senior police lieutenant
Gritsenko Igor
it is
passed licensing
spring
but Russia is sensual to the prosecutor's office to write
what is the case apparently
young sadists Minsk youth
for such a normal and all evening
behave
here we will need to write of course
I'll join passing inspections
with everything was filmed on her will be transferred
of course prescribed
Kiev passport
power of attorney for example
I am registered
I myself never be lazy well
I am not obliged with you in a new way
the law document
don't force the protocol I'm with it
read on behalf of myself I am her counter
crisis drive from where she supposedly me
yourself anywhere without a detention report
the ship will not go I'm not at sea
suspicious calls me interesting
in the prosecutor's office of the Amur region
and because 440 is the number of respondents who
will be part of
what kind of summer resident of Kharkov
which killer whales believed she was
good idea bring me with him
familiarize
in the afternoon the lady of the multitude
write the protocol forgive me
I myself will not go anywhere well it's ours on
no one was injured on the beach I owe
end they allowed free became for
he entered 30 days
I will appeal to them as well
I do not agree with them
it is clear that the bone is not already resolved
sympathy
whereas then wait so you
autostat
but it cannot hold back
you have no right to run away
culture bouquet i don't know bavaria
prosecutor's office about crying so much better
the community spoke eight mentions of
glorious and caused 1 4 I once again think a
time protocol router need to go a day according to
Dmitry I personally but I will not go without
Detention Protocol Desert I Want
i don't want to break i often
of course very bright
and at 7:15 am there were moments in poverty
all 100 104 such an entity is all
items with this device dear yes
in general to build what I did not dare
immense sizes
much more than having all inspectors
dps location
so we owe the price to drive over
wide not without them
no less he is a free citizen and
where do i want
many people and who will pay
fine it will be able to pay a fine this
day on the phone 7 383 not your business got
the case was not paid the case write out
the protocol will arrive the court I will not come
I will not go anywhere
I said let's not go food so let's
let's do one more conspiracy
conversation but go boils does not ring
helpline
they call but the police and control
my own safety
already so you do not want to pay fines
why i just don't want to pay red
d
I can so after a week
in order to embody you need
to appeal to appeal start
need to
but that did not stop
her copy of the slander made sure that further
I'll be with her it's not your business I'll what
spartak but i don't care what you don't
give a copy of the protocol let's implants
the protocol was signed on June 5th document which
All this record was not a mass of plans, although in
prosecutor's office because
Well, 406 and the number of pixels
transfer order read in
the academy
we do not have
all sixth conjugations succeeded they respected
you will go with famous people
will not pass if you want to write
carry change cut britain gas out
hugs they are not required to contribute
no law
against the background of that duty times
victory got more often 33 my business will be
appeal or pay
they are yours
your business lazarenko and also
all options and debt
liabilities
I will list you they stole Rudkovskaya
please look
the main thing is useless union
absolutely
I will write but I will write a lot
and a lot of those who wish